surfing has a really deep tradition of
shaping your own surfboard and so I saw
that need and created a place where
anybody could come before sprout there
wasn't really a clear way for people
that come in and to get their design in
and out efficiently it can be
overwhelming and with sprout it really
allows the surfer to narrow down their
design choices whether it's a fabric
texture that they want to see on the
board or as a 3d object what are you
thinking for your board well you know I
grabbed this burlap I was thinking maybe
we could use that in some way what do
you think perfect just camera button up
here it's gonna get it ready hit the
blue icon when we scan these directly
right in yes just go ahead and arrange
them on the screen there
all right let's get that clear just now
we had a bunch of elements we can play
with yeah that's bring the burlap in as
a base so you're just gonna swipe the
red on it so we'll go ahead and size it
down so you can work with it and the
first thing we'll do is crop it how's
that way yeah looks great I was liking
that green we're looking at earlier okay
to move this one down cool I like that
can I cut a shape up they can really
create whatever shape you wanted for
your inland alright that looks real good
let's go ahead and save this and then
we'll do to leave concept that you had
called save as project cool man
so here you're on the second concepts
just swipe down the leaves that you want
to incorporate how about something like
this and send the burlap behind it so
just same thing move the burlap over and
then push send the back perfect awesome
and you can resize the burlap if you
want the full board in there I have one
more idea that I was thinking about I
think we could try that yeah it's like
scrub it off oh ha ha it's super cool
yeah you can crop that and then maybe
shrink it down hit the blue checkmark
when you're ready
perfect all right so here's our three
choices I really love this one okay
let's go to it
sprout has really allowed us to grow our
business because now we're able to offer
so much more on the design and creative
aspects people kind of go crazy with
ideas when you give them that
opportunity to really start with a blank
slate and just build whatever they want
it really engages the customer they feel
like they're taking more of a part in
the design and the finished product at
the end of the day
you